Chazz: AND THEY SAID I COULDN'T
BEAT 3 DUELISTS AT ONCE!
I'M THE CHAZZ!
AND AFTER THIS NEXT MOVE,
YOU RA BOYS ARE COMIN' WITH ME!
TO THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
[YELLING]
HEH HEH HEH!
NOW...GOOD-BYE, RA YELLOW...
AND HELLO, SOCIETY WHITE!
[GROANING]
EVER SINCE CHAZZ
MET HIS FANCY NEW
FRIENDS,
HE'S FORGOTTEN
ALL ABOUT US!
YOU SAID IT.
WELL, MAYBE IT'S TIME
WE MOVED ON, TOO.
I CAN'T.
[CHUCKLING]
YOU WHAT?!
BUT YOU FELLOWS
ARE ALL THAT'S LEFT OF RA!
WELL...
IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE YOU'RE ALL
THAT'S LEFT NOW.
LOOK AT THE BRIGHT SIDE.
YOU HAVE THE PLACE
TO YOURSELF.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FRIENDS!
HEY, DON'T WORRY,
WE'LL ALWAYS
BE YOUR FRIENDS.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE
GONNA TALK TO SARTORIUS
ABOUT LETTIN' YOU IN.
UH-HUH.
OH! THE LAST THING I NEED
IS YOUR CHARITY, GENTLEMEN!
I'M THE BEST DUELIST
IN THIS DORM!
[GRUNT]
MORE LIKE
THE ONLY DUELIST
IN THIS DORM.
IF YOU RECONSIDER,
YOU KNOW WHERE
TO FIND US.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Bastion: THAT BLOOMING SOCIETY
TOOK EVERYONE!
EXCEPT FOR ME.
BUT WHY?
I'M THE BEST!
AND IT'S TIME I PROVED IT!
Syrus: CAN'T WE JUST
EAT IN THE CAFETERIA
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE?
I TOLD YA,
WE'RE GONNA CATCH LUNCH!
I'M SICK 'A EATIN'
THAT SLOP THEY CALL GRUB!
AND WHERE I'M FROM,
WE WORK FOR OUR MEALS!
WE DON'T WAIT
TO BE SERVED!
WELL,
AROUND THESE PARTS,
IF YOU WANT
A GOOD MEAL,
YA NEED
A PERSONAL CHEF!
WE'RE JUST FISHIN'
IN THE WRONG PLACE!
I'VE GOT A BITE!
IT'S CHOW TIME!
WHERE'S MY STEAK KNIFE?!
[GRUNTING]
HEY.
FEEL LIKE GOING DIVING
FOR STEAK?
NO THANK YOU!
WHAT'S WRONG, BASTION?
AM I...A GOOD DUELIST OR NOT?
GOOD? YOU'RE GREAT!
RIGHT, SY?
LIKE WHEN HE BEAT,
UM...
GO ON!
WELL,
THAT AMAZON GIRL?
[SIGH]
SHE WON.
BASTION?
WHAT'S REALLY WRONG?
YOU KNOW, YOU HAVEN'T
BEEN ACTING LIKE YOURSELF
FOR WEEKS NOW.
WELL...IT'S JUST...
IT'S THAT NEW
WHITE DORM, GENTS.
IF THEY'RE GOING
AFTER THE BEST,
WHY ARE THEY
IGNORING ME?
WHAT?!
ALL RIGHT. FINE.
I ADMIT IT.
I WISH
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT
WANTED ME!
WHY WOULDJA WISH THAT?!
YOU WANNA BE SOME
MINDLESS ZOMBIE!?
GOOD POINT, JAY!
WE DON'T NEED
THOSE FREAKS!
YEAH. BESIDES,
HAVE YOU SEEN THOSE
SORRY WHITE OUTFITS?
YOU GET BARBECUE SAUCE
ON THAT,
IT'LL NEVER COME OUT!
Bastion:
I SUPPOSE YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'LL SHOW THOSE SOCIETY SNOBS!
I'M EVERY BIT AS GOOD
AS THEY ARE!
I'VE BEATEN MY SHARE
OF OBELISK BLUE STUDENTS!
I'VE HELD MY OWN AGAINST JADEN.
[GRUNT]
I'VE EVEN GIVEN CHAZZ
A RUN FOR HIS MONEY!
THERE'S NO ONE I CAN'T DEFEAT!
AND I'LL PROVE IT
IF I HAVE TO DUEL
SARTORIUS HIMSELF!
CATCH ANYTHING YET?
BESIDES THAT OLD SHOE?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU BOYS,
BUT I'M STARVING!!
AND YOU'RE LOOKIN' LIKE
A GREEN-HAIRED FRIED SHRIMP
RIGHT ABOUT NOW!
HYAH!
AAH!
NOT FUNNY, HASSLEBERRY!
I GIVE UP!
I'M SICKA THIS!
I'D RATHER BE
DOING HOMEWORK!
HEY, BITE YOUR TONGUE,
YOUNG MAN!
MM-HMM.
LET'S TAKE A BREAK
AND CHEER UP BASTION.
'COURSE, I HAVEN'T
SEEN HIM ALL DAY.
AND HE WAS ACTING STRANGE
YESTERDAY.
YA THINK HE'S ALL RIGHT?
WELL...I HOPE SO.
WELL,
WHAT'RE WAITIN' FOR?
LET'S GO!
WE CAUGHT SOMETHIN'!
[BOTH GASP]
FINALLY!
BASTION CAN WAIT.
YEAH! WE'VE GOT
BIGGER FISH TA FRY!
LITERALLY!
[GRUNT]
IT'S ALIVE! IT'S ALIVE!
I'VE CREATED THE PERFECT DECK!
IT'S ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS!
HMM.
SOMEONE THERE?
EVENING.
OH! ASTER!?
NICE NIGHT,
DON'T YA THINK?
YES.
JUST TAKING A RUN.
HMM. WITH YOUR DECK?
AND YOUR DUEL DISK?
ASTER, YOU CAN'T STOP ME,
SO DON'T TRY!
I'M GOING
TO THE WHITE DORM
TO CHALLENGE SARTORIUS!
WOW. IMPRESSIVE.
YOU'LL SEE.
I WON'T LOSE.
I CAN'T!
NOT WITH THE DECK I'VE BUILT.
HA!
[ALL MURMURING]
BASTION?!
HEY, WRONG DORM,
GEEK.
WHERE IS SARTORIUS?
THAT'S MASTER SARTORIUS.
GOT THAT, DORK!?
AND HE'S BUSY.
THAT'S RIGHT,
'SPECIALLY
FOR YOUR KIND.
I'M AFRAID YELLOW'S
JUST NOT HIS COLOR.
WELL, THIS CAN'T WAIT!
I'M HERE TO CHALLENGE HIM
TO A DUEL!
[LAUGHTER]
YOU IN A DUEL
AGAINST SARTORIUS!?
[LAUGHTER]
STOP IT! THAT'S ENOUGH!
Chazz:
DIDN'T YOU GET THE MEMO?
BASTION, ONLY STUDENTS
WITH TALENT
CAN JOIN
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
SO IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU'RE JUST
NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
WHAT!? BUT I WAS
RA'S TOP PUPIL!
NOT ACCORDING
TO THESE GUYS.
WHY DON'T YOU
OPEN YOUR EYES
AND LOOK AROUND!
YEAH, MAN.
IF YOU WERE NUMBER ONE...
THEY WOULD'VE
COME FOR YOU!
INSTEAD 'A YOU
COMIN' TA US!
[LAUGHTER]
JUST GO HOME!
DON'T YOU GET IT?!
NO ONE WANTS YOU HERE!
I'M GOING NOWHERE!
HA HA HA!
Sartorius: WAIT.
MASTER!
IT'S YOU.
MY APOLOGIES.
HOW RUDE OF US.
SAVE IT!
JUST DUEL ME!
ME? WHY, BASTION,
YOU'VE SHOWN A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT
OF COURAGE IN COMING HERE.
YOU'VE EARNED MY RESPECT.
FINE, THEN LET'S DUEL.
AND WHEN I WIN,
YOU LEAVE HERE.
FOREVER!
VERY WELL.
THAT IS,
AS LONG AS YOU UNDERSTAND
THE PRICE OF FAILURE.
SHOULD YOU LOSE,
YOU'LL JOIN THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT.
OH, PLEASE.
CHAZZ?
AM I TO UNDERSTAND
YOU DOUBT HIS WORTH?
THEN PERHAPS
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO SHOULD DUEL BASTION.
IS THIS A JOKE!?
HARDLY.
SO ARE YOU UP
FOR THE CHALLENGE,
MR. PRINCETON?
ABSOLUTELY!
BUT I WOULDN'T CALL IT
A "CHALLENGE."
NOR WOULD I.
[CHEERING]
[OJAMA WHIMPERS]
I HOPE THE BOSS
BEATS BASTION!
WHAT'RE YOU
THINKING?
WE'RE ROOTING
AGAINST THE BOSS!
Both:
WHY WOULD WE
DO THAT!?
SIMPLE! BASTION WINS,
AND CHAZZ BECOMES
HIS OLD SELF!
REALLY!?
OH, JOY!
LET'S GO, BASTION!
Both: BEAT CHAZZ!
IT'S FOR YOUR
OWN GOOD, BOSS!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS.
GAME ON!
Crowd: ALL HAIL THE CHAZZ!
ALL HAIL THE CHAZZ!
ALL RIGHT. I'LL BEGIN!
ON GUARD!
I SUMMON THIS!
MY MAGNET WARRIOR
SIGMA PLUS!
AND ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
NOW YOU HAVE A GO.
IS THAT ALL? PATHETIC!
I CALL...BEETRON-1!
ALSO KNOWN AS
BEETLETOP!
THEN I PLAY THIS!
A SPELL CARD!
CALLED FRONTLINE BASE!
NOW I CAN TAKE
ANY UNION MONSTER
FROM MY HAND
AND SUMMON IT TO THE FIELD!
AS LONG AS IT'S LEVEL 4
OR BELOW, OF COURSE.
SO I PLAY THIS GUY!
BEETRON-2,
ELECTRIC BUGALOO!
AH, WHAT I MEANT WAS
BEETLETURBO!
NOW I HAVE
TWO BEETRONS IN PLAY,
WHICH MEANS
BEETRON ONE GAINS 400 POINTS!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL
IT MEANS!
BEETRON ONE
AND BEETRON TWO,
JOIN TOGETHER!
MEET BEETLETOPTURBO!
NOW...ATTACK!
BEETLE RUSH!
YOU'VE TRIGGERED
MY TRAP!
MAGNET FORCE PLUS!
I'VE RECONFIGURED YOUR
BEETLETOP'S ELECTRONS,
THUS ALTERING
ITS MAGNETIC FIELD!
IN SIMPLER TERMS,
HE'S BECOME A POSITIVELY
CHARGED MONSTER!
EXACTLY LIKE MINE!
SO NOW THE TWO
CAN'T FIGHT!
OH, COME ON!
LAST I CHECKED,
THIS WAS A DUEL,
NOT A SCIENCE CLASS!
WHEN YOU DUEL ME,
IT'S BOTH!
[THINKING]
HIS NEW DECK
IS MORE CHALLENGING
THAN I EXPECTED.
LUCKILY, I UPGRADED
MY DECK AS WELL.
FIRST OFF,
I SEND MY MAGNET WARRIOR
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
ALONG WITH OMEGA MINUS
IN MY HAND,
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
CONDUCTION WARRIOR
LINEAR MAGNUM!
AND NOW,
WARRIOR MAGNUM,
DESTROY HIS BEETLETOP!
WELL, SEEMS SOMEONE NEEDS
A REFRESHER COURSE!
BECAUSE ONLY ONE 'A MY
UNION CARDS GETS DESTROYED!
NOT BOTH?!
[CHUCKLES]
OHH.
IT'S HOPELESS!
THAT'S CRAZY TALK!
IT AIN'T OVER.
SO LET'S MAKE SOME NOISE!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
GIMME A...UH...
HOW DO YOU SPELL
"BASTION"?
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN,
AND THAT WILL DO.
WELL, THEN,
WATCH...AND LEARN!
I PLAY MY...POT OF GREED!
AND WITH TWO MORE CARDS
TO CHOOSE FROM,
I PLAY...
A FEATHER
OF THE PHOENIX!
THE SPELL WORKS LIKE THIS:
FIRST I HAVE TO TRASH
ONE OF THE CARDS
THAT I'M HOLDING.
THEN I GET A MONSTER BACK!
WELL, LOOK AT THAT.
IT'S BEETRON-2!
AND SINCE
I DITCHED OJAMAGIC,
MY 3 OJAMAS SHOW UP!
[SCREAMING]
BUT--BUT--
BUT WE DON'T
WANNA FIGHT!
[ALL WHIMPERING]
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL!
NEXT I ACTIVATE...
OJAMA RIDE!
NOW I CAN SUMMON
UP TO 3 MACHINE-TYPE
UNION MONSTERS
FROM MY DECK
FOR A SMALL PRICE.
I HAFTA SEND
THE 3 STOOGES PACKING!
All: SAY WHAT!?
SO THAT'S HOW
IT'S GONNA BE!?
[YELLING]
NOW I PLAY...
BEETRON-2
BEETLETURBO!
AND BEETRON-3
SPIDER BASE!
ALL RIGHT, BOYS!
JOIN TO FORM
ASSAULT CANNON BEETLE!
WHAT IS THAT THING?
BESIDES BAD NEWS!
GUESS WHAT?
IT'S ABOUT TA GET
EVEN WORSE!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD OJAMANDALA!
SO I PAY A THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS!
WHICH LETS ME
RE-SUMMON MY OJAMAS!
AND THANKS TO MY BEETLE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
EVERY TIME I SACRIFICE ONE,
YOU LOSE 800 POINTS!
YOU CAN'T!
All: YES HE CAN!
[SCREAMING]
OUR APOLOGIES IN ADVANCE,
BASTION!
IT LOOKS GROSS,
BUT I DON'T CARE!
ME, NEITHER!
I'M STARVING!
HOLD YOUR HORSES!
WHY?!
IT'S NOT DONE!
STILL NEEDS
MORE FISH GUTS.
Aster: WHAT'S COOKIN'?
OR BETTER YET,
WHY ARE YOU COOKING!?
SHOULDN'T YOU BE BACK
AT THE ACADEMY?
AT EASE!
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
WE'RE GONNA FALL
FOR THE OLDEST TRICK
IN THE BOOK?!
YOU JUST WANT
OUR GRUB, DONCHA!?
I GUESS YOU HAVEN'T
HEARD, THEN.
HAVEN'T HEARD WHAT?
SPILL IT, BRO!
YOUR FRIEND BASTION
PAID A LITTLE VISIT
TO THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
Syrus: HE WHAT?
THE BOY'S
GONE AWOL!
Chazz: YOU MAY AS WELL
JUST QUIT AND JOIN
OUR SOCIETY!
'CAUSE EVEN IF
YOU MANAGE TO WIN,
YOU'LL STILL BE
ALL ALONE IN THAT DORM!
I'M AFRAID THAT'S
WHERE YOU'RE WRONG!
ALONE!?
HOW CAN I BE ALONE
WITH FRIENDS LIKE THIS!?
I SACRIFICE
LINEAR MAGNUM
TO SUMMON
PLASMA WARRIOR EITOM!
AND IF I DIVIDE HIS
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF,
HE'S ABLE TO ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
NOW, EITOM...
GO AHEAD
AND INTRODUCE YOURSELF!
ATOMIC BLAST!
BRING IT ON!
NOW I'LL PLACE
THIS CARD FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
WELL...GUESS THAT'S WHY
HE NEVER MADE IT PAST RA.
IF IT WERE ME,
I WOULD'VE WIPED OUT
HIS CANNON BEETLE FIRST.
YOU'D BE WRONG.
WHY?
WITH BASTION'S MOVE,
HE'S ALL BUT GUARANTEED
HIS VICTORY THE NEXT ROUND,
FOR EVEN IF
CHAZZ ATTACKS,
ONE OF BASTION'S
FACEDOWN CARDS
WILL SURELY
REVERSE THE DAMAGE.
SO IF CHAZZ FIGHTS,
HE'LL LOSE THIS MATCH?!
AND IF HE DOES NOTHING,
HE'LL STILL LOSE!?
[CHUCKLE]
IT WOULD SEEM THAT BASTION
HAS PROVEN HIMSELF.
[THINKING]
ACCORDING
TO MY CALCULATIONS,
THE POSSIBILITY
OF MY VICTORY IS 98%.
ALL RIGHT, DORK,
I ACTIVATE
MY FRONT CHANGE SPELL CARD!
NOW I CAN SWAP OUT
MY ASSAULT CANNON
FOR MY ULTIMATE MONSTER,
THE DREADED
COMBAT SCISSOR BEETLE!
[GASP]
Jaden:
DON'T WORRY, BASTION!
WE'RE ON OUR WAY!
BASTION'S DUELING?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT WANTING TO
PROVE HIMSELF...
TO SARTORIUS!
All: WHAT?!
[THINKING]
IF MY CALCULATIONS
ARE CORRECT,
NO MATTER WHAT
YOU DO NEXT,
YOU LOSE, CHAZZ.
[GASP]
[THINKING]
WAIT!
BUT IF I WIN THIS DUEL,
THAT MEANS I'LL NEVER
HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY
TO JOIN
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
LET'S DUEL.
AND WHEN I WIN,
YOU LEAVE HERE.
SHOULD YOU LOSE,
YOU'LL JOIN
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
[THINKING]
SO THE ONLY WAY
TO PROVE
I'M GOOD ENOUGH
FOR THE SOCIETY
IS TO LOSE!
WHADDYA MEAN HE WON'T WIN?!
HOW DO YA KNOW?
I'M NOT SAYING
YOUR FRIEND DOESN'T HAVE
THE SKILLS TO WIN.
WHAT I'M SAYING,
JADEN,
IS THAT HE DOESN'T
WANT TO WIN!
THAT DOESN'T
SOUND LIKE BASTION!
THEN YOU DON'T KNOW
YOUR FRIEND VERY WELL.
HE WANTS HIS SKILLS
TO BE NOTICED,
AND NOW
THEY FINALLY CAN,
IF HE JOINS
THE WHITE DORM.
THAT'S SARTORIUS' POWER.
HE PREYS
ON THE WEAKNESSES
OF OTHERS.
Sartorius:
BASTION...
YOU WANT TO
PROVE YOURSELF?
WELL,
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
LOSE THIS DUEL...
AND JOIN MY SOCIETY.
LEAVE YOUR FRIENDS
BEHIND.
ALL RIGHT! SCISSOR BEETLE!
ATTACK WITH CROSS SLICER!
[THINKING]
IF I PLAY MY TRAP,
I'LL WIN THE DUEL!
YOU'RE NOT THINKING
OF TRYING TO ACTIVATE
THAT TRAP CARD, ARE YOU?
IF YOU REALLY WANT
TO BE SOMEONE,
THEN YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU MUST DO.
GIVE IN.
[GRUNT]
BASTION!
[GASP]
[YELLING]
BADA-BING!
AND THERE'S PLENTY MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM,
BASTION!
'CAUSE MY BUG'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES!
AND YOU LOSE
A THOUSAND MORE POINTS!
OHH!
Jaden: OH, MAN!
[CHUCKLE]
Syrus:
BASTION LOST?!
BUT HE HAS TWO
TRAP CARDS LEFT!
SO WHY DIDN'T HE
USE 'EM?!
Aster:
IT'S JUST LIKE I SAID.
THAT'S HIS POWER.
SARTORIUS RARELY DUELS
AGAINST HIS OPPONENTS.
THAT'S WHY THE GUY
NEVER LOSES.
INSTEAD, HE FORCES HIS ENEMIES
TO DUEL THEMSELVES.
Bastion, thinking:
FINALLY,
MY TALENT WILL BE ACKNOWLEDGED
AND ADMIRED.
All: WE LOVE YOU BASTION!
YOU'RE AWESOME!
THANK YOU! THANK YOU ALL!
Crowd: BASTION!
BASTION! BASTION!
BASTION...
BASTION?
Alexis: NEXT TIME,
YOU MIGHT NOT BE
SO LUCKY,
ESPECIALLY WITH
THOSE OJAMAS
IN YOUR DECK.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHY AM I WASTING MY TIME
WITH THEM!?
[ALL WHIMPERING]
SEE YA!
[YELLING]
Ojama Black: WE'LL BE
TOGETHER AGAIN SOMEDAY!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪